aunt
Speaking at such an old age is responsible
What, you want to threaten me?
Just to remind you
Let you stop being so powerful
Otherwise, it will be bad if you can't get off the stage one day.
Is it keeping me off the stage?
Do you still think you are the prince of the Li family?
No, the Li family has long given up on you
Now your brother is the heir to the Li family
Just an heir to the Li family
I never took it personally.
Humph
I don't think you can eat grapes and say grapes are sour.
Don't worry.
Today, the whole Yuncheng will know who I am
At that time
You and many others will feel blind
How dare you say I'm blind?
I won't smoke you today
I'm sorry for my temper
What are you doing?
Auntie, you have cirrhosis of the liver and you are so angry
Are you not afraid of death?
How did you know I had cirrhosis?
I know.
You can never imagine
Oh, I see.
You must have installed a monitor in our house
Otherwise, the results I got from the hospital yesterday
How do you know?
No, big brother, you are actually such a person
Peeping at his mother-in-law
Are you still human?
How dare you attack your mother-in-law?
The quality of rural people is indeed poor
It seems that Miss Tang can't get married
You migrant worker, what the hell did you do?
Don't say I'll call the police to arrest you